CNV-17270: Updating existing TP features and Known issues (#47539)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/virt-4-11-release-notes.adoc

** As a workaround, avoid using a single PVC in read-write mode with multiple VMs.

* The Pod Disruption Budget (PDB) prevents pod disruptions for migratable virtual machine images. If the PDB detects pod disruption, then `openshift-monitoring` sends a `PodDisruptionBudgetAtLimit` alert every 60 minutes for virtual machine images that use the `LiveMigrate` eviction strategy. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2026733[*BZ#2026733*])
** As a workaround, xref:../monitoring/managing-alerts.adoc#silencing-alerts_managing-alerts[silence alerts].

* {VirtProductName} links a service account token in use by a pod to that specific pod. {VirtProductName} implements a service account volume by creating a disk image that contains a token. If you migrate a VM, then the service account volume becomes invalid. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2037611[*BZ#2037611*])
** As a workaround, use user accounts rather than service accounts because user account tokens are not bound to a specific pod.

> * If you configure the `HyperConverged` custom resource (CR) to enable mediated devices before drivers are installed, enablement of mediated devices does not occur. This issue can be triggered by updates. For example, if `virt-handler` is updated before `daemonset`, which installs NVIDIA drivers, then nodes cannot provide virtual machine GPUs. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2046298[*BZ#2046298*])

Reviewer: I'd rephrase "enablement of mediated devices does not occur" to something less passive. Maybe:

```suggestion
* If you configure the `HyperConverged` custom resource (CR) to enable mediated devices before drivers are installed, the new device configuration does not take effect. This issue can be triggered by updates. For example, if `virt-handler` is updated before `daemonset`, which installs NVIDIA drivers, then nodes cannot provide virtual machine GPUs. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=2046298[*BZ#2046298*])
```
